ideas for project 
    * task Manager

        a. A user can create lists and store them 
        in the database under their user ID.

        b. For students and people 
        who want to be productive

        c. A person can sign up, sign in, sign out, del account, create a 
        list to, delete a list, edit a list, and view a list.

        The primary focus will be user ID and list ID.

    * library catalog

        A. This program serves to create and maintain library catalogs.

        B. This app is for avid readers and librarians.

        C. A person can sign up, sign in, sign out, del account, create a 
        a group of books ids, add books ids, delete a group of books ids or a book id
        , edit a group of books ids, and view book ids and there groups.

    * simple drawing app that can store projects 

        A. A person can create a canvas to then draw on a 512 by 512 grid. 
        This can then be saved to their account

        B. This is for anybody who just wants to make generic scribbles

        C. A user can sign up, sign in, sign out, del account, 
        create a canvas, edit a canvas, and delete a canvas.

    * messager app

        A. A user will be able to create chats with other 
        users and send messages between them.

        B. This is intended for 
        anybody who just wants to chat With people they know

        C. A user can sign up, sign in, sign out, delete account, create a group chat, 
        send a message, edit a message, delete a message, Add a person to a computer, 
        remove user from a group chat, 
        leave a group chat, And delete a group chat.

    * blog app
         a.a user can create text post and save it to there list.

         A user will be able to create a and share posts about their daily life.

         B. This is intended for people that are 
         extroverted and want to share their daily life with others.

         C. a user can Sign up, sign in, sign delete account, Create a blog, create a post, 
         edit a post, edit a blog, delete a post, Delete a blog


    all project will have get, create, del, and edit functions

    will use react of next js for frame work.
    leaning to next js as react has been Depreciated.


